hi everybody and welcome to our excited
react today I'm excited because I'm
doing children of the night and well I
never heard of this is really new um but
I don't know why and when someone I
request this just the name something
like whoa I want to see that I don't
know why but I want to see that so yeah
and this one but well anyway anyway that
sounds something really good so I need
so my first impression is that maybe
it's gonna be something dramatic or
something cute anyways I don't think
it's gonna be something at random or
up back here and like whitey bean
stuff so anyway like pic if I said
enough chitchat
thanks candy let's start this video and
three two one I still remember it like
it was yesterday
don't was countless moons ago after he
was defeated not much of our once
beautiful home was left and the two
brave ones that stood up for us all
ruled Equestria from then on one day the
younger one saddened by her daily
struggles proposed to form a new colony
where all of us would grow strong and
happy but the elder one were baited for
she felt that it would divide and
shatter the weakened Kingdom forever
no pony knows that we are still here
while remembering her dear mother for we
will forever be her children of the
night
I got some freaking chills so well made
Wow
Oh
you
come little children The Times come to
play here in my garden of Shh
oh my god
Wow
wow that was so freaking epic I can't uh
I can't help the house have a smile that
was so freakin a pic yeah animation and
stop the songs Wow it was it was
professional man okay
just yet with the animation was
something real was it made fired by a
professional I don't know but I was a
big man
yeah I'm my mind is blown away by it
bye dad the animation is tough but and
the song I I got chills in my spine all
along freaking song all along the
freakin video that was so thick I can't
believe how much I didn't expect to see
something epic seriously guys wow wow
that's all I have my mind is Wow Man Man
Man I'm and speechless I won't say a lot
of stuff at the same time and speechless
it all comes mine is Wow it it's epic so
anyway I'm I want video to last an hour
so hope you enjoyed this its Sicily
thank you guys for this request man
seriously thank you guys I really
enjoyed this Wow so anyways see you next
time bye